Send notification to national identity number user docs (#1546)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/notifications/send-notifications/_index.en.md

## Combining notification channels

{{% notice info %}}

> Per April '24 it is not possible to combine notification channels for a single order request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of April '24 it is not possible to combine notification channels for a single order request.
```
Very much nitpicking here 😅, but I think [per](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/per) has a different meaning in english.
